Provide block hash and height in JSON-RPC deploy query (#3008)
casper-network/casper-node: node/CHANGELOG.md

* Add a new identifier `PurseIdentifier` which is a new parameter to identify URefs for balance related queries.
* Extend `GlobalStateIdentifier` to include `BlockHeight`.
* Add a new RPC endpoint `query_balance` which queries for balances underneath a URef identified by a given `PurseIdentifier`.

> * Add new `block_hash` and `block_height` optional fields to JSON-RPC deploy query. They will be present in the response

Reviewer: Can we name the exact query? For example:

```suggestion
* Add new `block_hash` and `block_height` optional fields to `info_get_deploy` RPC query. They will be present in the response
* ```

Author: Done.

> when the queried deploy has no associated execution results in storage, but has an associated block.

Reviewer 2: One line per bullet point pls.
